Feature/getting started adjustments - DS-235 (#340)
gsoft-inc/wl-hopper: apps/docs/content/getting-started/individual-packages.mdx

title: Individual Packages
description: An how to guide to install Hopper UI packages individually.
order: 3
status: ready
---

If you need a particluar installation, you can install Hopper UI packages individually.

<FeatureFlag flag="alpha">
    ## Components

    Hopper Components are React Components, if you are using another framework, or React Native, you should use [components tokens](/tokens/overview/introduction) directly when developing your own components.

    ### Installation

    Run one of the following commands in your terminal to install the Hopper Components package.

>     <PackageInstallation library="components" mod="prod" />

Reviewer: Some packages are missing for the components to work: `@hopper-ui/styled-system react-aria react-aria-components` they are peer-dependent and must be installed by the customer for them to work

    ```jsx
    import { Button } from "@hopper-ui/components";

    <HopperProvider theme="dark">
        <Button>Hello World</Button>
    </HopperProvider>
    ```
</FeatureFlag>

## Tokens

### Installation

Run the following command to install the tokens package.

<PackageInstallation library="tokens" mod="prod" />

### Usage

Import the tokens in your project by doing the following:

```css title="myfile.css"
@import "@hopper-ui/tokens/tokens.css";
```

If your application supports a dark mode, import dark mode tokens as well:

```css title="myfile.css"
@import "@hopper-ui/tokens/dark/tokens.css";
```

You can now use the tokens in your project by using the following syntax:

```css title="myfile.css"
.my-class {
  background-color: var(--hop-primary-surface-weak);
}
```
#### Fonts

In order to use Hopper fonts in your project, import the following:

```css title="myfile.css"
@import "@hopper-ui/tokens/fonts.css";
```

Font-face declarations are now imported in your project.

Failing to do so would prevent you from using [font family tokens](/tokens/semantic/typography) such as `var(--hop-font-family-primary)`.

> *Inter* and *ABC Favorit* variable fonts are used. This allows for a more efficient use of font files, only one font is loaded per typeface, covering all font-weights. Resulting in a smaller bundle size for all.

Reviewer 2: This line seems a bit odd when I read it. It may need to be reworded. It could be something like this:
```suggestion
*Inter* and *ABC Favorit* variable fonts are used to improve efficiency. This method reduces the total bundle size by loading only one font file per typeface, which includes all font weights.
```

> #### Styled System

Reviewer: I don't quite understand this section. Is it here to introduce the system style or its installation?

Author: As it appears under the fonts section its related to fonts. This might not be a necessary info, it was in the current usage of tokens doc : https://hopper.workleap.design/tokens/getting-started/usage

Reviewer: Let's leave it and revise it later
